# WP2: Threat Text Analysis; Point Persons: Nesset & Cvrček
Seed vocabularies for Russian, Norwegian, and North Saami developed in WP1 supply search terms for the extraction of target texts and ensure that THREAT-DEFUSER will collect substantial samples of news from online newspapers, TV broadcasts, and podcasts that comprehensively reflect the landscape of threat-related discourse in each language. Russian TV broadcasts are currently captured by the [UCLA NewsScape Library](http://tvnews.library.ucla.edu/) and publicly available for research. NewsScape capture includes closed caption texts that can be harvested for input into R and other analytical software. This capture now includes Russian pro-government channels (*Pervyj*, *NTV*, *TVC*). A capture station for Norwegian TV news will be set up and maintained at UiT and archived in NewsScape; we will attempt to set up capture also for the Russian opposition TV channel *Dožd’*. Newspaper, radio and other Internet portals will include an extensive range of options, such as mainstream (*Aftenposten*, *NRK*) and right-wing (*Resett*, *Document*) in Norwegian and North Saami (*Ávvir*, *NRK-Sápmi*); and opposition (*Novaja gazeta*, *Vedomosti*, *Èxo Moskvy*) and foreign (*Radio Liberty*, *BBC Russian*) in Russian.
THREAT-DEFUSER will develop Keyword/Keymorph analysis for Russian, Norwegian and North Saami by significantly enhancing the existing KWords application hosted at the [Czech National Corpus portal](www.korpus.cz), improving robustness of the application, and adding language-specific settings. These improvements will consider copyright and other legislative restrictions in order to maintain free and unrestricted access to the tool for all users. With Keyword/Keymorph analysis for each language in place, we proceed to in-depth investigation of target text deviations from reference corpora in terms of both words and meaning-bearing grammatical categories. Here THREAT-DEFUSER reveals differential linguistic behavior that may be indicative of ideological slants and makes comparisons across media sources and languages.
