# WP1: Language of Threats; Point Persons: Gjørv, Janda & Fidler
WP1 combines social science and linguistic scholarship. A detailed literature review in hybrid warfare will be carried out, examining the trajectory of threat posturing emanating from different national sources, assessing how the term “hybrid warfare” became popularized and in which literature, how hybrid warfare has been represented across different national contexts (including Russian and Norwegian), and providing an initial assessment of dominant terminology in the literature (Norwegian, Russian, and English). WP1 accesses the largest comparable reference corpora with linguistic tagging that supports Keyword/Keymorph analysis. The [Aranea Family of Gigaword Web Corpora](http://unesco.uniba.sk/aranea_about/) contains a Russian corpus, and Aranea leader Benko has constructed a Norwegian web corpus for the project with both bokmål and nynorsk varieties. UiT houses the [KORP corpus of North Saami](http://gtweb.uit.no/korp), with full automatic tagging. WP1 develops “seed” vocabularies of words and collocations that are symptomatic of news articles/broadcasts that highlight threats. Seed vocabularies for each language will be enhanced by computational means such as the use of semantic vectors and word embeddings, as well as search engines that extract collocations, cf. Araneum functions and [Collocations Colligations Corpora for Russian](http://cococo.cosyco.ru). Threat vocabularies are enhanced by a feedback loop from text analysis in WP2.
