# WP5: Policy & Impact; Point Persons: Bast & Cullen
Results from WP1-4 feed production of a webpage, podcast series, and policy advisories that disseminate results to the public and to policy makers. A component of WP5 will be to set up a sustainable model to assure that the website remains operative also beyond the end of the project. Additionally, the NewsRadar app/plug-in will be developed in Norwegian and Russian to break the “filter bubbles” by rating news media and offering alternative views classed according to results in WP4. This WP intertwines with the previous WPs, specifically targeting core stakeholders and potential end-users regarding current perceptions of invisible threats and how to manage these in a highly information-driven, digital-oriented/dependent society like Norway. In addition to connecting to stakeholders/end-users (business, NGOs/civil society organizations, unions, political parties, etc.) and establishing preliminary attitudes and perceptions amongst these actors, WP5 establishes an open debate/seminar forum for these and other relevant participants. The WP cooperates with UTSYN, an organization well connected to central, interested authorities (particularly within the foreign and defence policy communities), ensuring the visibility of THREAT-DEFUSER research and results to both policy actors and civil society. Debate/seminar results will be shared regularly with project partners, while WP5 will also ensure that academic publications will be regularly disseminated to general audiences through media outlets including editorials and commentaries. WP5 will manage all dissemination output, ensuring visibility as research is published. It will also manage inputs and responses, monitoring feedback by stakeholders and the general public to the ongoing research.
